Uh, so the goat really did fall over and die. Well, no.
Oh, well guys, severely. Um, so we tracked down the goat stair.
This is to, uh, he now runs a dance studio in Ohio, uh,
the dance and martial arts studio. Jesus Christ. Yeah. So we tracked him down.
I said, I said to him on the phone said, do you still have, uh,
like kill goats just by staring at them? And he went, well, listen,
matter of fact, uh, just last week I,
I killed my hamster just by staring at.
Them. Hamsters lived to be like three days old.
He said, he said, he, he said he called it on video. And I said,
what can we come and watch the video? So we weren't. He said, okay.
So we flew to a high to meet GE. So like,
he's like,
so the hamster's like running around in its wheel and like guys off camera,
like staring at the hamster.
And then finally the hamster gets off the wheel and it's like all the so dust.
And then the hamster light drops like stops moving,
drops down and stops moving amid the so dust. So I'm like,
whoa.
And then the hamster gets up again and the video ends.
So I was like, that's not dead.
Like <laugh>. And a guy said.
You flew all the way to Ohio. You see a video of hamster.
Yeah. So guy said, yeah, yeah. My wife, my wife told me, like,
not to my wife said, don't show them the part where the hamster dies.
<laugh> so what? Yeah. In case I was like a bleeding heart li and I was like.
Why? Yeah.
His wife told him to not show you the video that you flew all the
way, the to a heart.
To see. Well, I think it's possible that the hamster just doesn't die.
Um, no way, bro. <laugh> but.
It's true. But guy showed me like a hope I, is that him? Yeah.
There's guys Elliot.
Full screen, please.
You need to put a guy's belly in mind. Hey,
what happens when you've got a guest who's on for three hours and they want to
use the bathroom? Just.
Go ahead and use the bathroom. Good. Can you cover for yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll we'll we'll turn the, all him here. Okay. Oh,
he's doing some fake martial arts too. Oh, is hilarious. Oh,
you don't understand. This is my favorite stuff. John Ronson, look at this.
This is my favorite stuff. It's all like pokes triangle of death.
<laugh> oh, it's called the triangle of death. Yeah.
I didn't define the oh. Back to that need. I need to watch that again.
This is hilarious.
This light here behind there's aro artery. Ooh. The artery here.
Is the, uh, esophagus airway. Yeah.
<Laugh> and the, the ABC approach of helping a person or hurting a person,
they need a clear airway.
They need to be able to breathe and they need have circulation of
blood through their body.
Pause that for a second.
What's one thing about artists is they always like use these real technical
terms, like especially martial arts, artists. They always talk about like,
uh, like medical terms that they're like disrupting the, the nerve,
the vagus nerve that goes to the brain. And the,
this is your C six C seven, your cervical disc.
And I'm gonna attack the cervical disc through the carotid artery.
They're all like,
it's almost like they learn in all these technical terms to sort of make their
horse, look more palatable. Good.
In order to live in the poison hand technique.
Poison hands.
Although we're not showing you how to strike,
to penetrate the skin of which we have a way to do that. <laugh> what the.
Motion that we use. Please don't show anybody, sir,
with your flabby grandma arms, he's gonna watch, he's gonna show you.
Oh boy. <laugh> how's he.
Alive? It's.
Just the end part is my favorite where he does like the karate stands
behind the, the guy's back. He sit your.
Tap.
And looking at the end part. The little, little loop pan to the back. Uh, guys.
Wonderful.
<Laugh>.
I don't know why, man. I don't know why,
but this stuff gives me so much pleasure. I,
I enjoy fake martial arts videos.
I more than almost anything more, almost as much as hold this beer,
that Twitter account that I, every two days I have to retweet one.
Cause I find a good new one. I don't know why he's got new stuff. Oh,
what's he gonna do? Mind development? Oh, mind development. Oh,
striking tickets. Let me see this. Let me see this. The guy's quote close.
He's touching him. He's about to touch him. <laugh>.
What the. <laugh>
what the with that. The guy's about to touch him.
Tun means that you can do whatever has to be done to protect. Not.
Hurt. He gonna hear this.
No, he's got this.
Hold that back.
Development of the mine.
So you know, you know the better than me, right? Oh yeah. I certainly do.
This is your bread and butter.
This is well Chu town.
This is something I've been doing more than I've been doing anything in my whole
life. Not hurt. This.
Is the first real exercise towards that goal.
<Laugh> you gotta, you gotta see this.
It's so stupid. So he's.
He's the goat stuff and.
The minister goat. Oh, he's just gonna punch a watermelon, right? Oh,
you're crazy bro. Solid watermelon. Oh, it's solid. Oh,
no way that impenetrable. That's basically a brick wall. His fingers.
He's gonna use his fingers. One, two.
Oh, I broke his hand. Son. You broke your hand kid.
He's the first guy who told me about the dim Mac. The death.
Touch. Oh, he went right through that watermelon bro.
I would let that guy do that to me. I'd be like, okay, the watermelon dude.
Let me tighten up my stomach. Oh yeah. I.
I've seen these. Oh, I've seen this stuff. This is yeah.
This is guy doing military stuff. Right? This is, this is deep.
This is minister's goat. Not.
Really military, but he's wearing a military outfit. Oh really? He.
I, I do know that guy like went to Fort Bragg and did the goat stuff.
Like he showed me documentation.
See this right here. Listen, man, I used to do this. Look at this so stupid.
Okay. He picked his leg up when he's doing it. Oh, this is hilarious.
This guy's gonna do it. His fingertips. Hi. I hand right through.
Here's the thing. When I was a kid like real young, we used to do these,
uh, demonstrations when I was like 15. Right.
When we would open up a new school, we'd do these demonstrations.
And it was the only time we ever broke boards. Right. We never.
Broke. It's really easy to do.
It looks harder than little bit like walking on hot colds. Right?
It's it's way easier than walking on hot colds. Right? Because those things,
first of all, the way they're cut is with the, like the grain, uh,
it's going, uh, in a, in a manner. How what's the way we describe it.
So like if you're holding something up, um,
the grain is actually going in the way that you want it to break.
So you're breaking it with the grain you literally can do with your fingers.
Like I could, you could take, and those are thin pieces of wood too.
You could take this piece of, if this would, if this pad was a wood,
you would just go like this with two fingers and just go snap. It would break.
Right. Break's like nothing.
I was 15 and we would do these karate kicks and punches and stuff and they'd
they always broke. Huh? They always broke. So what.
Is, it's so easy to break. So here's a question.
And what does it say about like special forces at Fort brag that
they would bring guy in to?
They.
Brought that guy in. Well, I mean, it wasn't like, I don't,
I don't believe it was like an like sanction from the very top,
but he certainly went to Fort Bragg and, and stared at goats.
He stared at goats at Fort Bragg. Well.
They probably just grabbed whatever dumies they could find like it gets on
dudes, wanna stare at a goat. Like there's a lot of people though.
Here's one thing that is a fact. There's a lot of people,
particularly in the eighties,
in the nineties before the ultimate fighting championship came around,
there was a lot of fake martial arts out there. A lot.
I know people that were teaching fake martial arts that got into the military
that got into the police.
I knew the guy who was deep in the police force and he had fake martial arts.
Like his martial arts were completely useless. Hmm.
And it tallies with the like us military credo of like thinking out of
the box, like if we don't try this stuff, nobody else will try this thing.
What is going on here?
They're blur the easy it is to break that his special forces special, special,
special ops.
Okay. So yeah, they, you go and they were killing goats.
Ow. I've even heard of that one.
That's guy's thing, but you know,
then general stub by general stub,
by who I'm sure would've been a fan of this show. Cause he was,
he was a big fan of Alex's and so on. So he was like head of army intelligence.
He had 16,000 soldiers under his command and he like totally believed in all of
this stuff. He believed in that stuff, that, what that guy was doing,
he general Stubbe would when he was head of army intelligence
in Arlington would try and walk through his wall.
<laugh> uh, he told me one time, he said,
like he said, what is the ATO mostly made up of space?
What is the wall mostly made up of atoms? I mean, to me the key word,
this is is mostly, mostly right. Mostly a big part of that, bro.
So he would like stand up from behind his desk and like, you know,
basically run into it. You should've asked him what's an Adam bomb made up,
you idiot. <laugh> he sent it. Let me show you a video. He sent even.